---
layout: post
title: "Comedy"
date: 2025-04-23 19:34:00 +0000
categories: Unfinished
---
> ***CAUTION THIS POST IS UNFINISHED, I RECOMMEND NOT READING IT YET...***

Comedy is a fascinating creature of the mind - it is as obvious as it is elusive:\
Imagine you gathered your friends and said to them "I have something funny to tell you all". In that moment everyone would know exactly what you were talking about, without having the slightest idea wha you meant.
You see, if I were to ask you if you knew what *"funny"* meant, you'd almost certainly give a resounding "yes of course I do", 
If you were to tell your friends that you had something *"funny"* to tell them, they would all know what I was talking about, without having the slightest inkling of an idea about what you meant.
If you gathered a crowd of p  *"funny"* joke, everyone would seemingly know exactly what I was talking about, whilst simultaneously having no idea at all.
it is as both a quintessential human emotion and a particularly elusive one.
Humour is a quintessential human emotion... but also a particularly elusive one...\
Upon first inspection, you might be inclined to say that we simply laugh because we find stuff *"funny"* things, but I implore you, dear reader, merely to take a second to try to define funny. It's quite a difficult task in itself. And whilst perhaps you've taken


> **Comedy** is the tension in pointless contradictions.
Humour is a quintessential human emotion... but also a particularly elusive one...\
Take a second just to think, dear reader; *"what makes something "funny"?*\
Upon first inspection, as dear to us as comedy is, it seems rather difficult to define, and whilst I'm sure there are times where you've laughed at a funny joke, perhaps there are others, where you've found yourself inexplicably drawn to laughter for no reason whatsoever, perhaps even in a grave
Have you ever found yourself inexplicably drawn to laughter in a grave, a morbid, a serious affair, something anything but *funny*? Does wanting to laugh make you some kind
Prima Facie, defining the word "funny" is rather difficult.\
Have you ever found yourself inexplicably drawn to laughter in a situation that could
Have you ever found yourself inextricably drawn to laughter 
Sometimes things that seem obviously "funny" things make us laugh, othertimes, we're inextricably drawn to laughter, seemingly without any reason.
Sometimes we 
Have you ever wondered - ***What is comedy?***


A sense of humour is undoubtedly a quintessential part 



Let me explain.\
Imagine a man being circled by 10 very hungry lions. In a desperate last attempt to save himself, he stands on one leg, raises both his hands and pretends to be a cactus.\

Take the man who buries his head in the sand to escape the snapping jaws of a crocodile, or one who puts his fingers in his ears to hide from some unwelcome news.
The contradiction between the futility of their actions, and the wish to absolve themselves of their problems, gives rise to a meaningless irony:Whether these men hide or not, whether they run or not, whether they believe it or not, their problems still remain.
Nature is eternally indifferent to their whims.
It is this indifference that allows us to laugh off such meaningless acts as trivial - and thus comedy is born.
The crowd points and laugh at the fool, the curtain falls, and the masses disperse - 
Oblivious the the fact that they themselves are fools in an even grander and more comedic narrative.
Does the uncertainty of our future sit so heavy on the tongues, that men must always hide behind definites?
“I will go to that event”, “I shall see that film”, “When I get into university”
Does the mist of the unknown, and the humble relinquishment of certainty that it demands, trouble them so much, that men must fabricate such great lies of a promised tomorrow.
Do they not know that fate cares not for their whims and wishes?
“I don’t know” sits so heavy on the tongue - a second layer of irony.
And yet there exists a third - men also run away from that which is most certain of all!
Their words scatter like insects at the mere mention of “death”: that which is garunteed for every Lazarus and every Sisyphus.
Do they think that by burying their heads in the sand, they too will be freed from the promise of finality?
If one finds themselves inclined to finding the former situation as humorous, but finds the latter to be a grave matter, then hypocrisy is rife within the heart.
And so, the masses point and jeer at the cowards, oblivious to the fact that they themselves are fools in an even more comical story.
A borgouise play watched by a few sober onlookers, to whom the future is not that façade of certainty constructed by weaker wills.
As Nietzsche says “Madness is something rare in individuals, but in peoples, parties and ages, it is the rule”,
And so perhaps death defiance shall remain the rule of this mortal age, as it was for those that precedeeded it, and those yet to come.
But in quiet corners, remember that there exist a few sober onlookers who might yet whisper in your ear:“Come sleep and death, you promise nothing, you hold everything”,
Those who lay down their swords and walk forth, at peace, into the absurd.
